API errrors, how to handle (#21016)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/web-api/handle-errors.md

[!code-csharp[](index/samples/2.x/2.2/Startup.cs?name=snippet_ConfigureApiBehaviorOptions&highlight=9-10)]

::: moniker-end

> ## Use a Custom Middleware to handle exceptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom Middleware to handle exceptions
```

> ## Use a Custome Middleware to handle exceptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use a Custom Middleware to handle exceptions
```

> The built in exception handling Middleware works well for most apps. For apps that require specialized exception handling, consider writing a custom exception handling Middleware. For example, library authors my prefer to write a custom middleware to handle errors in library APIs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The defaults in the exception handling middleware works well for most apps. For apps that require specialized exception handling, consider [customizing the exception handling middleware](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/error-handling?view=aspnetcore-5.0#exception-handler-lambda).
```

> The defaults in the exception handling middleware works well for most apps. For apps that require specialized exception handling, consider [customizing the exception handling middleware](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/error-handling?view=aspnetcore-5.0#exception-handler-lambda).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The defaults in the exception handling middleware works well for most apps. For apps that require specialized exception handling, consider [customizing the exception handling middleware](xref:fundamentals/error-handling#exception-handler-lambda).
```

> While the built-in Exception Handling Middleware of ASP.NET Core is providing a convenient solution to handle exceptions in the chain of .NET Core layers, there will be, some cases in which having a common and customized Exception Handling Middleware will be a more elegant solution. For example, consider a project that is going to consume several fine-grained Web APIs. These APIs are all based on .NET Core and they all need to handle exceptions in more less similar way and log them by relyong on [ILogger](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/logging/?view=aspnetcore-5.0). For such a scenario having a Customized Middleware Exception Handling in a shared library among all APIs would be a good solution to increase code useability and provide a centralized logging and exception handling mechanism. Follwoing you can find a simple excample of Customized Exception Handling Middleware.

Reviewer: The built in exception handling Middleware works well for most apps. For apps that require specialized exception handling, consider writing a custom exception handling Middleware. For example, library authors my prefer to write a custom middleware to handle errors in library APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built in exception handling Middleware works well for most apps. For apps that require specialized exception handling, consider writing a custom exception handling Middleware. For example, library authors my prefer to write a custom middleware to handle errors in library APIs.
```

[!code-csharp[](index/samples/2.x/2.2/Startup.cs?name=snippet_ConfigureApiBehaviorOptions&highlight=9-10)]

::: moniker-end

> ## Use a Custome Middleware to handle exceptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use a Custom Middleware to handle exceptions
```
